Add align option for Button component (#148)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/rns/libs/javascript/Advanced-usage.md

---
layout: rsk
title: Javacript Library
tags: rns, javascript
---

## Instantiate the lib with your local blockchain

> The lib has already set the contract addresses for RSK Mainnet and Testnet, so if the web3 instance point to one of those networks, no extra action is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library has already set the contract addresses for RSK Mainnet and Testnet, so if the Web3 instance points to one of those networks, no extra action is needed.
```
